# RSS Aggregator

## libraries

### standard libraries

- `database/sql` : To Work with sql databases we are using this package.Package sql provides a generic interface around SQL (or SQL-like) databases.

- `log` : used for capturing and recording information about a program's execution. It helps to track errors, monitor performance, and gain insights into the behavior of applications. The log allows you to write your application status messages to files, databases, or other output streams.

- `"net/http"` : It provides a full set of functions and types for building HTTP clients, servers, and other HTTP-based operations. These include: Functions for making HTTP requests. Handling requests and responses.

- `os` : Package OS provides a platform-independent interface to operating system functionality. It is used to deal with programming related to reading and writing files.

- `lib/pq`: The sql package must be used in conjunction with a database driver. pq is the driver for postgres database.

### non standard libraries

- `chi` : chi is a lightweight, idiomatic and composable router for building Go HTTP services. It's especially good at helping you write large REST API services that are kept maintainable as your project grows and changes. In simple terms for handling HTTP routing.

- `cors` : provides a net/http compatible middleware for performing preflight CORS checks on the server side. These headers are required for using the browser native Fetch API.This middleware is designed to be used as a top-level middleware on the chi router. Applying with within a r.Group() or using With() will not work without routes matching OPTIONS added.In simpler terms for handling cross-origin requests.

- `godotenv` : It can be used as a library (for loading in env for your own daemons etc.) or as a bin command.

> "github.com/aadityadike/RSS-Aggregator/internal/database" is generated by sqlc.
> sqlc generates type-safe code from SQL.
> You write queries in SQL.
> You run sqlc to generate code with type-safe interfaces to those queries.
> You write application code that calls the generated code.
